Update database requirements in introduction (#229)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

== Requirements

> . https://neo4j.com/deployment-center/#gdb-selfmanaged[Neo4j Database] or https://neo4j.com/product/auradb/[Neo4j AuraDB] version 5.x (5.15 or newer you are using using the xref:/directives/indexes-and-constraints.adoc#_vector_index_search[`@vector` directive].) with APOC Core plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. https://neo4j.com/deployment-center/#gdb-selfmanaged[Neo4j Database] or https://neo4j.com/product/auradb/[Neo4j AuraDB] version 5.x  with APOC core plugin. Note that with version 5.15 or higher you are using using the xref:/directives/indexes-and-constraints.adoc#_vector_index_search[`@vector` directive].
```

> . https://neo4j.com/deployment-center/#gdb-selfmanaged[Neo4j Database] or https://neo4j.com/product/auradb/[Neo4j AuraDB] version 5.x  with APOC core plugin. Note that with version 5.15 or higher you are using using the xref:/directives/indexes-and-constraints.adoc#_vector_index_search[`@vector` directive].

Author: ```suggestion
. https://neo4j.com/deployment-center/#gdb-selfmanaged[Neo4j Database] or https://neo4j.com/product/auradb/[Neo4j AuraDB] version 5.x with APOC core plugin. Note that with version 5.15 or higher you are using using the xref:/directives/indexes-and-constraints.adoc#_vector_index_search[`@vector` directive].
```
